---
tag: "Retrospection"
title: "Looking back on the year 2022 month by month"
subtitle: "I decided to look back on the year to share MY thoughts and experiences from it."
date: "26 Dec, 2022"
---

The year 2022 is coming to an end and I feel a sense of nostalgia for everything that has happened during the last 12 months. So many surprises and challenges stuff, it has been a year full of memorable moments. That's why I decided to look back on the year to share MY thoughts and experiences from it. time to TAKE a trip back in time and relate the year month by month. So far, the year has been exciting and eventful. As I write this retrospective blog post, I can't help but laugh at the irony of receiving a Twitter notification from CZ, the CEO of Binance, saying "remember" - like I could forget the events OF this year!
<br><br>
**January:** <br><br>I WAS nearing. Although I was aware that these were my last months in school, I must admit that I DIDN'T make  make the most of it. But, looking back,  I REALIZE that my last year of school was actually one of the best for reasons I won't mention here (personal reasons, of course). Although I didn't fully enjoy the time I had left, I still managed to have some cool experiences. It's a bittersweet feeling to finish my time at classics school.
<br><br>
**February:** <br><br>As FEBRUARY rolled around, I was determined to make the most of my remaining time there. While I would prepare for my exams, I also made sure to indulge in some of my personal interests. To do this, I listened to a ton of podcasts. These allowed me to continue learning new things, whether they were related to my studies or just something I found interesting. I believe it's important to KEEP an open mind and continue learning, no matter how busy you are.
<br><br>
**March:** <br><br>It's ALWAYS WITH a sense of nostalgia that I look back on memories of the past year. I think we've all experienced this feeling at some point, and for me, it was  the people AROUND me who made it so special. Of course, there were times when I may have acted a bit like "dark sasuke", but I THINK, March was a pretty cool month. It's amazing to see how the presence of certain individuals can completely change our experiences and create lasting memories.
<br><br>
**April:** <br><br>As the month of April rolled around, I focused more on improving my English skills. I HAD set a goal to create a blog with CONTENT written in English, and I knew I had to work for it. But let's be real, the real MOTIVATION behind my language learning was a certain "monster" anime. Although this may seem like a ridiculous reason to learn a language, it actually had a positive impact on my skills. I started watching all kinds of content in English, including movies, TV shows, and of course, the anime I was so eager to watch. This immersion in the language helped me IMPROVE my skills faster than I could have imagined.
<br><br>
**May:** <br><br>May was a month full of surprises and challenges. One of the biggest challenges was preparing for my final exams. It was a lot of work, but I WAS determined to do my best. I spent most of my time studying and doing practice exams, but I also made sure to take breaks and enjoy myself. I went on a few hikes and even did some camping with friends. It was a nice break from the stress of studying, and it helped me feel refreshed and ready to tackle my exams.
<br><br>
**July:** <br><br>The exams were even closer than before, so I took their preparation very seriously. I've always been one of those people who learn better and faster when I'm under pressure, and the approaching deadline of the exams certainly motivated me. I MAY have resorted to a bit of cramming, but I can't deny that it worked for me in the end. Not only did I do well on the exams, but I also had the opportunity to meet some really great people. Yeah I think, it was a productive and enjoyable month.
<br><br>
**August:** <br><br>The month of August marked an important milestone in my education - the completion of my traditional studies. I ALREADY had a feeling that I would pass my exams, and I was right! With THIS accomplishment under my belt, I focused on my projects. It was an exciting time filled with new beginnings and opportunities.
<br><br>
**September:** <br><br>September brought a new and exciting idea to my mind: launching an open source community where developers of all kinds could come together and collaborate on various projects within the organization. I named this section of the site "Circle" and was excited to see what kinds of projects and partnerships would come out of it. It was a thrilling perspective and I couldn't wait to GET started.
<br><br>
**October:** <br<br>>October is a bit blurry in my memory. I must have been so focused on developing "onewanko" that the month FLEW by without me even realizing it. This speaks to how absorbed I can get in a work and how time can seem to fly when you're having fun (or in this case, working hard). Looking back, it's clear that October was a productive and fulfilling month, EVEN if it seemed to go by in a flash.
<br><br>
**November:** <br><br>November was a PRETTY quiet month,, at least in terms of standout moments or events. That being said, it was a productive and fulfilling time as I worked on various projects and continued my self-learning. It was a routine month, but nonetheless fulfilling.
<br><br>
**December:** <br><br>December is a month that holds a special place in the hearts of many people, and it's no different for me. Whether it's spending time with loved ones or reconnecting with old friends, this month ALWAYS MANAGES to bring something special to the table. The other day, I had the pleasure of reconnecting with an old friend I hadn't seen in a while. In addition to these memorable moments, there are also little personal touches that make December such a special month for me.
<br><br>
You may find that this year has not been the best on a personal level for me, but I find that it still brought me special memories. Despite how fast it goes, I'm grateful for the experiences and fun times this year has brought.
<br><br>
As we look to 2023, I have a few projects in store. One of my main goals is to seriously launch my YouTube channel and strive to upload one video per week. My goal is to reach 10,000 subscribers by the end of the new year. In addition to that, I plan to continue posting one to two blog posts per month and focus on growing the onewanko community. Self-study will also remain a priority for me as I continue to expand my knowledge and skills. I will focus on these key goals and see what the future will bring.
<br><br>
I find that 2022 has been a year rich in experiences for me, with memorable moments and challenges to overcome. Whether it's finishing my studies, engaging in new activities or improving my skills, I've had an exciting year filled with unforgettable moments. Even though this year is coming to an end, I still have a lot to learn and explore, and I can't wait to see what's next.